hey what's up guys Zechariah and today
on this wednesday i am posting this
video to tell you guys i need ideas for
a new Wednesday video skate 3 just
wasn't making the cut I mean a lot of
people liked it but it's not going to do
it because not enough people like it I
mean it's it's fun and all but I feel
like a better series would be more
beneficial for the Wednesday episodes so
I'm on omegle rom-com that is the IP to
this server if you want to come join
maybe in a video in the future if you're
watching this and you can see your name
post a comment but I need you guys to
comment posting what you want to see in
the future so I want to know for what
what would you want to see in the future
of Wednesday's do you want to see
trolling videos on Wednesday which I
know all you were probably gonna vote
for but here the choice up stop calling
me Zack Todd so the choices are trolling
or a let's play series or another Tekkit
uploading day or a co-op series or
anything of your choice you can tell me
so please post a comment or PM meets on
your jacket John O'Brien okay so please
post a comment saying what you want the
Wednesday's video to be and that was
Ryan who just rudely interrupted so
leave a comment if you want Oh trolling
a new series more Tekkit like just a
normal minecraft let's play maybe some
mods just for fun or anything of that
sort so that's it guys that is all i
have for you so if you are in this crowd
leave a comment that's the rule summer
diamonds on them here we go Batman's
something guys watching if you enjoyed
please leave a thumbs up not much to
enjoying this just please leave a
comment telling what you want the new
Wednesday series to be thing as watching
and if you enjoyed please like the video
and as always stay sexy see us